README.md, before:

# Skate Us

## Table of Contents
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Project User Story](#project-user-story)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [Usage Information](#usage-information)
- [Questions?](#questions)

## Project Description
SkateUs was built to support the Figure Skating community on the challenges of running efficently in today's "on-line world".

## Project User Story
As an ice-rink owner I want a react website with a learning program and testing submition page for Free Skate and Moves On The Field, as well as profiles for coaches and students with schedule management. 
It needs to have a section for job opportunities at the rink, events for the community to assist, resorces and conferences information for coaches.

## Installation Instructions
Coming soon...


## Usage Information
Coming soon...

## Questions?
Here is my GitHub Profile: [pargasparedes](https://github.com/pargasparedes)

### Screenshot of the application
Coming soon...

Commit message:

Added Heroku link to README file

README.md, after:

# Skate Us

## Table of Contents
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Project User Story](#project-user-story)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [Usage Information](#usage-information)
- [Questions?](#questions)

## Project Description
SkateUs was built to support the Figure Skating community on the challenges of running efficently in today's "on-line world".

## Project User Story
As an ice-rink owner I want a react website with a learning program and testing submition page for Free Skate and Moves On The Field, as well as profiles for coaches and students with schedule management. 
It needs to have a section for job opportunities at the rink, events for the community to assist, resorces and conferences information for coaches.

## Installation Instructions
Coming soon...


## Usage Information
You can click on the link and it will take you to the deployed page: [SkateUs](https://skateus.herokuapp.com/)

## Questions?
Here is my GitHub Profile: [pargasparedes](https://github.com/pargasparedes)

### Screenshot of the application
Coming soon...
